all right here he goes hurry up yeah
thank you go faster faster right here
all right comes the princess out of the
car Oh falling strollers yeah hey
princess we do you mean video pizza hi
you got your bell beast on here comes
sweet awesome see some chicks now
all right now we got his other little
ramp off the back ya did it we're gonna
have to like like move it farther that's
pretty crazy so far they there yeah all
right all right go fast yeah perfect
awesome I find you hmm will be a mexi oh
iseee with your mom huh weekend yeah Oh
see months coming up new chicks mom's
got new tricks Oh wipeout did you crash
your huevos oh the wave owes you jump up
y'all better now yeah but you crash you
didn't get the wave owes you got right
there huh yeah you cash it there scraper
ask from the pedal how's the crazy on
dude all right he's back on it
yeah let your little brother so you had
to do it is his little that food all
over my I mean it's how much he's a hit
his little brother showing him up does
the crazy one little Jim hammer the
little brother does all the crazy stuff
all right so he's got home had to go in
the office afternoon um got home and the
couch waiting little spaghetti like in
that looks good and here's my here's my
cup of choice the princess sippy cup oh
yeah I love the princess sippy cup it's
the best cup in the house wipeout right
now we're watching wipeout biscuit this
show is really funny giving everyone a
kiss it's so nice it's a nice gin gin
and there's these two are going crazy
bunch of wild Indians
hey are you guys getting your bagels
yeah your wiggles out come on eNOS
picture wiggles out Wiggles Wiggles more
Wiggles all right we um there's a funny
story we just found these shoes right
here these are at jimmy's old shoes and
when he was in school a few months ago
before we started filming I pushers
before we started filming um he went to
school one day and he was in school he
was getting ready to go into his class
and he told mom that his feet his foot
hurt and she ended up looking at hit his
shoe and he lifted up his foot and this
is what we saw if you can see that I get
closer do you see that like ginormous
whole did we're like the worst parents
ever he tell us they didn't like his
shoes shoes bugged him but he never I
don't know we never thought to look at
the bottom of his shoe he never said
anything that he had a hole in there and
dude that that is a huge that's a huge
hole in that thing his toe was like
basically touching the ground and he
never ever said anything he just said
his foot bothered him and that was it
until he was at school and mom actually
like look the bottom of his foot and
there's a big hole in it she so we went
in and got him new shoes but we were
just gonna throw these out we actually
had it because I don't we were thinking
of keeping it because it was really
funny but yeah it just pretty much
reminds us that we're like told were
terrible parents we don't even get our
kids shoes so he went and got new shoes
but you guys actually just saw as
getting needed new ones because the ones
that we got him actually wore out
but they weren't they had holes on top
but they weren't like this that's really
bad all right I gotta go I think
someone's gotten show what are you doing
you're gonna come in here and pout huh
did you get in trouble this would be a
naughty girl are you gonna hit the head
good night you go get in your bed you're
getting in your bed you're going to
sleep she got in trouble she chucked the
camera at her brother and heard him